[Docment][Feature] Refactor global parameter docment (#10045)
apache/dolphinscheduler: docs/docs/en/guide/parameter/global.md

## Scope

Global parameters are parameters that are valid for all task nodes of the entire workflow. It can be configured on the workflow definition page.

## Usage

> The specific use method can be determined according to the actual production situation. This demo uses a shell task to print out the previous day's date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The specific use method can be determined according to the actual production situation. This example uses a shell task to print out the date value of yesterday.
```

> ### 1. Create a Shell task

Reviewer: we should avoid use number in title
```suggestion
### Create a Shell task
```

Create a shell task and enter `echo ${dt}` in the script content. In this case, dt is the global parameter we need to declare. As shown below:

![global-parameter01](/img/new_ui/dev/parameter/global_parameter01.png)

> ### 2. Save the workflow and set global parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Save the workflow and set global parameters
```

> The global parameter configuration method is as follows: On the workflow definition page, click the plus sign to the right of "Set Global", fill in the corresponding variable name and corresponding value, and save it. As shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You could follow this guide to set global parameter: On the workflow definition page, click the plus sign to the right of "Set Global", after filling in the variable name and value, then save it
```

![global-parameter02](/img/new_ui/dev/parameter/global_parameter02.png)

> Note: The dt parameter defined here can be referenced by the local parameters of any other node.

> ### 3. In task instance view execution result

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### In task instance view execution result
```
